Now, we're gonna go ahead and
talk about the SipManager.
So, previously we talked about
the SipProfile which is just,
as a reminder, your user name,
your domain, and your password.
And then, so now,
here in the SipManager we
will use that SipProfile to
create phone calls basically.
So on the sites here,
SipMananger's used to manage calls.
And it makes it possible for a different
class call, the SipAudioCalls to occur.
And the SipAudioCalls are the actual
outgoing or incoming phone calls.
There's also something similar
called the SipSessions.
They're both very similar if you
look a take a look at documentation,
which I'll go over in a second.
They both can be instantiated
using the SipManager, and
they're both the calling action.
But they, even though very similar,
they have a couple internal
methods that differ.
So based on.
Your applications
are what you want to use,
what kind of phone calls you want to make.
You have to make a choice between
the Sip Audio calls or the SipSessions.
So like we did in the last video we'll
go ahead and dive into the computer and
take a look at the documentation regarding
the SipManager and the related classes.
All right, so right here, remember you
guys can just Google SipManager android,
and it should come up as
a first search result.
So, in here the Class Overview.
So, the Sit Manager will provide APIs for
the Sip tasks,
such as initiating Sip connections This
is what I was talking about earlier,
how the SIP manager will control
your phone calls, or in other words,
your SIP audio calls or your SIP sessions.
So here you see you can create a SIP
session ready for making calls or
listening for incoming calls, or you can
also create right here, SIP audio calls.
When you sit, when you tell
the manager to make an audio call or
take in an audio call.
So remember what I said before with how
the SIP manager uses your SIP profile?
So it'll use a SIP profile to listen to,
maybe you decide to make an outgoing
call with the SIP profile.
So that's how the,
it'd be a SIP audio call and
then Maybe someones decides to call you,
the manager will listen in and
listen to incoming information and
be able to take that audio call as well.
So let's just go ahead and
take a look at the SipSession, first.
So, yeah you can get a SipSession
from Sip Manager with the create
Sip Session method.
So, right here you can see the sub-section
has things like the answerCall.
You can end the call you
can get a caller ID.
You can get your own profile.
Or you can get the profile the person
you're calling or who's calling you.
Things like that.
And like I said before it's
also very similar to the.
Let's see here, SipManager.
Slimmer to the SipAudioCall.
So, like I said,
let's say you can instantiate
this class with the SipManager.
You have things like answering calls or
ending the call, getting your profile or
the other profile.
You could also things, you could also do
some extra things like hold the call or
mute yourself, make a call, take a call.
You know, whatever.
So, that basically will
cover the main classes that
you'll need for your VOIP app.
Which we'll talk about in
the next lesson to come.
So, sit tight, review all these things.
Familiarize yourself a bit more with it.
And be ready to do some programming.